{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\ul\b\f0\fs24\lang9 ENTER NEW-\par
\ulnone\b0                                          : \b CONTENT.\par
\ul              Prologue,\par
\ulnone\b0 The wind howled in the trees, prompting my ears to perk up. The deafening breeze passes through the fur rapidly growing around my ears, replicating the turmoil i feel inside as my beast struggles to takes over. Critters scurry around as the sandstorm rousing at my knees threatens to wreak havoc on anything it touches. \par
The bone in my shoulder cracks, wrenching a full body shudder from me as i blink through the blinding pain. Flashes of Mace roaring at me, telling me i'm worth nothing to him sears through my head, making my eyes roll to the back of my head in sheer agony.\par
"Stop trying to stare me down, you're delusional. If you think looking into my eyes or some shit like your tears is going to break me and you get a peek at my heart and find yourself in there, you're mistaken. You're worth nothing to me. Now get off me! " He bellowed as he shrugged me off him and i fall to my knees. His Golden eyes scream fury, blazing like two pools of molten lava as i look up to him so he can see my heart shatter through my swirling grey eyes.\par
The presence of the Lycan Hera(meaning Lycan's glory) is believed to always bring forth catastrophe according to history but is actually to combat the imminent destruction of whatever clan she is born into, thereby witnessing and averting the doom. Hence why she is treated like a nightmare prophecy come true.\par
Mace has a heart of stone, as The Hera's Lycan is supposed to . But they're supposed to be able to recognize each other by the seal of the God's tattoo right above their hearts but Mace won't even give Eleanor the time of day, a crumb of his heart. \par
He detests the magic  he feels when she is near, and tries to fight their connection by alienating her.\par
Will Eleanor finally break through to Mace? Will he go after her when she flees and hides from the world, hides a big secret that may make Mace despise her even more or will he accept it... and her? \par
\ul CHAPTER ONE\par
\ulnone I feel the muscle at the back of my thigh tear and i cry out, my claws stretching through my skin and settling deep into the sand beneath my limbs. Having turned just once, I'm still not accustomed to the pain of the transition from human to wolf, especially not out of anger and hurt. When the pain stops, i leap into the air, running through the thicketh of trees and heavily scratched branches. In a split second, i swerve and head for the hills. The one place i know he will be, inching towards the edge as his wolf claws it's way through his throat. I shouldn't do it but i do it anyways. Panting, i slow to a trot when i see him, keeping behind the trees even though it is no use, he can smell me from a mile away. \par
He knows i am there but won't even turn around to acknowledge my presence. The tattoo under my fur glows, illuminating a spot near my right front paw in the otherwise dark ground. He finally turns around, Two bright golden eyes boring into me and staring straight into my soul. The air is permeated with the smell of my flesh burning under my coat, my skin stinging. I stagger backwards when i see Mace's chest glowing; and burning too. \par
I wasn't wrong or in heat. The shimmer of electric currents that went through my body when i first sensed him were real. He is my mate, and i'm the bringer of the despair to this clan.\par
The weight of my bloodline's responsibility hangs over my head as  realize the pressure he is under. Despite his obvious hatred for me, he physically can't be near me and the more i push him, the more his tattoo digs into his skin, closer to his heart. If my mate was someone else, maybe even a human like papa, he would welcome me with open arms and paws when he finally turns. But it's Mace, the one man so repulsed by the sight of me, i shiver under his menacing stare. I raise my head and  howl in pain, my heart hurting at the fact that he is hurt and i am the reason for his pain. Taking three steps back, i run without looking back, as farawayas my limbs will allow and as far  from here as i can get.  \par
I stop when i reach the lake. Seeing my own reflecton look back at me in the water, my eyes the color of thin ice  and Mace's loud and mournful howl in the distance, I know what i have to do. The bloodline must end, and with it, its curse. \par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b Queenor's PoV;    \b0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc  "You being the only  Lycan Hera of this generation makes you the bearer of this great burden, Child."\par
 Nory's pale skin glimmers in the moonlight, her icy eyes glued onto mine as she listens with rapt attention to the words her father is speaking. Her equally pale hair scatters in the wind as she clutches two of my fingers and two of her father's fingers. Even at age 9, Eleanor's aura is intense and terrfying. She doesn't know it but the earth comes alive around her. The tree behind her sways in tune to her hair, painting a vivid creepy picture of where she stands. My husband looks at me , concern etched on his face. He can see it too. If her powers are manifesting at such a young age, they'll come for her sooner tha n i thought. Also,  it means the other surviving Lycan is about to die or has died. I am still breathing so it means death is coming for me. ut my husband doesn't know that. Yet. I'll have to tell him soon but I hope it isn't till the next moon, i want to see my son's face atleast once. I rub my heavily pregnant belly and squeeze my husband left hand. Putting a smile on my face, i pull my daughter closer to me in her treehouse and focus my energy on revolving my protective aura around her. Until she can protect herself, that would do. It will leave me vulnerable for a month but i might not even be alive for that long. \par
" When you're in a dilemma and you don't know whether to choose between happiness and you, choose happiness. We have no control over our next breath so make sure your last is spent in happiness. Eleanor's brows crease, confusion written all over her face. " How do i achieve that, father?" " By always being happy." \par
Eleanor's brow creases further, eliciting a laugh from me. " I don't get it" she says after a beat, arms akimbo and already frustrated with her Dad's cryptic teachings. I roll my eyes, turning to her to simplify the message.  \par
" You don't have to get it now, just make sure you remember. When the time is right, you will understand all you have been taught. "Nodding,  She seems satisfied with that answer and proceeds to drag her father dangerously off the tree branch. Smiling at the back of her head, Mark jumps after her and walks towards the front of the treehouse.  While she hops down the wall ladder and towards the stonepath to the house, Mark races over to me, helping me down easily and drops a long slow kiss to my forehead. My heart shrinks as I realize this might be one of the last kisses he will give me. He steps back and smiles, holding out his hand for me and laughing when our daughter impatiently stomps her foot on the steps while waiting for us.  Even with his reassuring smile, I can sense his unrest.A storm is coming, and we can't shoulder it alone or we would die fighting it. \par

\pard\ri-38\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc A numbing chill runs down my spine when I feel the ghost of a touch on the back of my neck. Mark stills beside me, feeling the whispers of ancient souls in our lineage speak warnings into my head.  Since he became my mate, he feels everything i feel and even got the ability to levitate. He ushers me into our home, locking the door and taking our daughter to sleep despite her protests of wanting more stories. I open the secret panel in the floor board of my kitchen and retrieve the curved scaber i'd scattered around the house for moments like this. I will die protecting the last Lycan Hera and free all the clans from the one true prophecy. \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc I wobble to the door as fast as i can muster, trying to put some distance between me and the door when the first contraction hit me. No, it's impossible. My eyes widen in horror as i see a puddle of water surrounding my feet where i stand. It is then reality comes crashing down that  I might birth my son in the middle of fighting of my life and protecting my husband and my daughter, and my son might never see the light of day.  A sob catches in my throat as the second contraction waves in and i close my eyes, telepathically communicating with my mate and sharing my pain with him. I hear the door to Nory's room close and in a second, Mark is by my side. His mouth opens but no words come out as a hand waves at me from the middle of his chest, clutching his heart like a toy. Blood gurgles in his mouth as he stares at me in shock, the life fading out of him. I clutch my chest, almost blinded by the pain of being in labor and of a heart being wrenched out of me. \par
A dark chuckle behind my husband brings me back to the present and red hot fury covers my vision as i notice i have two creatures out for my blood right here. I raise my hand, ready to strike whatever creature is sneaking up behind me.Closing my eyes, i use the last of my powers to wring the wolf behind me without touching him. In ten seconds, i hear a mewl and then a plop without turning, i know the creature is dried and dead, like life never existed in it. Mark drops to his knees in front of me, his left hand slowly reaching out for me in his final moments. I see the creature's eyes widen in surprise at how i killed his friend. He smirks, looking at Mark and turns to leave. I look over at my dying husband, the light in my chest fading with every last breath he takes.  His mouth trembles as he whispers the words " in every lifetime", then falls face flat to his death. I cover my mouth to stifle my whimpers, trying not to wake my daughter and risk the green eyed creature still staring at me kill her. If i hadn't cloaked her with my powers, whatever this man is, i'm sure would have sniffed her. I finally look at the creature responsible for my husband's death and sending him to an early grave. A young wolf stares back at me, blood of my mate coating his hand. He rears back on his haunches, the hair around his head fading and rapidly becoming his human skin. He didn't even look like he broke a bone or transitioned at all. What is he? . I grip the scaber in my left hand viciously, determined to fight him to the death or my last breath, preferably the latter. \par
The third contraction comes heavier than the first three, forcing me to drop the scaber. In the haze of my pain, i see him walk over and pick the blade, turn into a cloud of mist and fade away.\par
I let out a breath i didn't realize i was holding. Eleanor is alive. She survived, even though her father didn't. I blink slowly and struggle to keep my eyes open  as i hear Mark's voice sluggishly calling me. I slowly whisper in response before the darkness consumes me, \par
"She survived, even though i didn't." \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
      \ul Character Index.\par
\ulnone Eleanor/Nory- The luna. Last of the One true Lycan Hera.\par
 MACE'- The Lycan King/ Luna's first mate.\par
Hozier- Stranger / Father to secret baby.\par
 MIKAYLA- Old woman where she seeks refuge with.\par
 Queenor- Eleanor's mother\par
Mark- Eleanor's father.\par
Katherine- Mace's mother.\par
Theodore- Mace's  Father\par
Cherry/Jerry/Jerome- Eleanor's baby brother.\par
Sophie- FMC Antagonist.\par
Clara- Sophie's girlfriend.\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
                                             \ul Selected/TROPES- \par
\ulnone Pregnant/baby.\par
Werewolf.\par
Rejected mate.\par
Secret Babies-Raised in secrecy.\par
Lycan King Mate.\par
Unrecognizable. \par
One night stand=Stranger. \par
Despised by All.  \par
spice level. `18\par
             \ul       WHAT IS HER STORY SUMMARY?\par
\ulnone she is an albino with all the features, including the shifty eyes that change color with her emotions. \par
[her wolf is golden, the ony time she felt normal...  white hair which she wil later dye when she becomes unrecognizable. Lycan king mate is a pompous ass that rejects their connection and her although it pulls him in. \par
        Her Family died in a wolf off trying to save a stranger that sought refuge with them.they stood in front of the unknown to protect a little boy from A hybrid clan. Making her the last of her bloodline\par
( Mace's eyes are golden now, to later become the ice white that is the color of hers currently and the color of his fur.) \par
\par
  One night stand happened in her hiatus where she meets this strong but soft and accepting alpha male with an ethereal aura and she leaves him after one night of passion- pregnancy.\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 